README.md, before:

# node-calais #

node-calais allows semantic analysis of text using the Calais web service.

## Install ##

Install using npm:
    $ npm install calais

## Usage ##

    var calais = new Calais('<YOUR API KEY>')
    calais.set('content', 'The Federal Reserve is the enemy of Ron Paul.')
    calais.fetch(function(result) {
      // do something with result
    })

## Example ##

Run quick example:
    $ node example.js

## Options ##

In addition to using the "set" method, a hash of option settings can be passed
as the second argument during intialization. For example:

    var calais = new Calais('<YOUR API KEY>', {'cleanResult': false})

By default, node-calais will return fetched results as a Javascript object.
Alternatively, the Calais standard "outputFormat" input parameter can be set to
standard output formats (see Calais documentation).

Any standard Calais input parameter can be specified as an option, as well as
the 'cleanResult' parameter which will return a simplified Javascript object if
"outputFormat" hasn't been set to something other than the default ('object').

## Test ##

Run tests:
    $ expresso test/calais.test.js

Tested with node.js v0.3.0

(c) 2010 Mike Cantelon, MIT license

Commit message:

Added documentation of cli tool.

README.md, after:

# node-calais #

node-calais allows semantic analysis of text using the Calais web service.

## Install ##

Install using npm:
    $ npm install calais

## Usage ##

    var calais = new Calais('<YOUR API KEY>')
    calais.set('content', 'The Federal Reserve is the enemy of Ron Paul.')
    calais.fetch(function(result) {
      // do something with result
    })

## Example ##

Run quick example:
    $ node example.js

## Options ##

In addition to using the "set" method, a hash of option settings can be passed
as the second argument during intialization. For example:

    var calais = new Calais('<YOUR API KEY>', {'cleanResult': false})

By default, node-calais will return fetched results as a Javascript object.
Alternatively, the Calais standard "outputFormat" input parameter can be set to
standard output formats (see Calais documentation).

Any standard Calais input parameter can be specified as an option, as well as
the 'cleanResult' parameter which will return a simplified Javascript object if
"outputFormat" hasn't been set to something other than the default ('object').

## CLI Tool ##

The library also comes with a CLI tool for sending text files to Calais for
analysis.

Example:

    calais some_key_file -k my_api_key

If you use the CLI tool regularly, you can specify a default API key by setting
the `api_key` property in an .ini file at $HOME/.calais.

## Test ##

Run tests:
    $ expresso test/calais.test.js

Tested with node.js v0.3.0

(c) 2010 Mike Cantelon, MIT license
